#set path of vivadolog (its possible to take the same as the normal log file)
vivadologpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/log

#set max used ports before beginnig a new fileset
maxportnum=9;

#set logfile location
logpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/log

#set camera path
camera=<iframe width=\"640\" height=\"480\" src=\"http://ictsrv012.ict.tuwien.ac.at/videostream.cgi?user=admin&pwd=\" frameborder=\"0\" allowfullscreen></iframe>\n

#Set Verbosity Level
verbose=1

#path to predefined minimal entity and complete entitys for all pblocks
entitypath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/pc/predefined_entity

#Set Path to User JSON File, which contains user information
jsonpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/json

#path of the fpga board
scpbitdestpath=root@ictsrv002.ict.tuwien.ac.at:/home/root/par

#path to the constrain file
constrainpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/src/constraints

#path to the vivado install dir (settings.64sh has to be there)
vivadopath=/home/fbraun-lokal/Xilinx/Vivado/2017.4

#path where the makeproject file is located 
projectpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj

#path where the recieved(files which should be implemented) vhdl files are
vhdlinpath=/mnt/vels2vtp

#path where de implemented files should be stored
vhdloutpath=/mnt/vels2vtp/fertig

#path where are the predefined tcl files are located
tclinpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/pc/predefined_tcl

#path where are the new generated tcl files should be stored
tcloutpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/tcl

#path for the read dcp files(normaly equals store path)
dcpinpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/dcp

#path for the storage of dcp files
dcpoutpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/dcp

#path where the dcps get finaly stored
dcpsavpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/dcp/finished

#path where the report files are located(normaly equals store path)
reportinpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/report

#path where the report files will be stored
reportoutpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/report

#output path for the bitfiles
bitoutpath=/home/fbraun-lokal/git/VHDL_Testing_Platform/proj/oproduct/bit
